# Markets

we have data providers which supplies markets, events, categories ect

we have a standalone application which receives the data. In lowtide -> we have a project which is in charge to get the data and pass it to another place.


push connector to recieve client from EM. We ar ejus tusing a socket connection between computers

host, port and subscription names ar eimportant

This ir retrieval 

listeners are the class which listens for data to process for data

entieis then gets put in maps

then creating em event using EMEventDTO 

then the event is added to event map

then we send to a queue -> sending each individual event form map value to the queue

Then from the queue it then gets saved to MongoDB. EMFeedListener

when there is an update, we are not saving the data to the object. we are just creating at the beginning

why are we using a queue? WE are using a queue because we are communicating between two different applications.

in cms u can see the EMEvents that saved inside mongo database

## Creating a market

market is something that you can bet on but actually we bet on selections

selection type is used to bet like -> home and away


each market has a class and is extending from the class 


EM Evnet is everymatrix db
EVent is our db



When we click setup on market in the cms, we are intending to set up the data from EMEvent databse to our EVent database. -> there are some steps to this but this is the concept

the steps for this:

one engine per class 
-> what is the ordinary part? Ordinary belongs to football itslefl 
EMSportMarket is usually the market convention fro the class name



what bthe engine will extend will depend what the sport needs like the ordinal the selection type ref etc.

YesAndNo are different specific selection types

maybe all wee need to do is add a market type and register in the registry

rolling markets are tricky to do


source is the data from the provider. source data is bad? means the data coming from provider is bad. SOURCE IS FROM EVENT 

We are filtering the EMEvent's market to find the specific market we are creating on custodian

once u retrieve the market from the em events,
you need to create the event

creatign event means taking the event from the EMEvent and putting it to our EVent database

model instance has two instance of markets, the one form the source and one from even selection

so when model.getMArkets it is getting it from fsb event colelciton

so to get the markets from the actual em thne we do model.get source then get markets


## Updating
if market exists -> update 
if market dont exist -> create then update

we are updating map just no the mongo collection event

also ask how is ti dealing with concurrency?

1)  you got msg from EM
    - update map and send msg to the queue
        - if is a creation update mongo source and mongo (Event) FSB
        - if is an update only update mongo (Event) FSB

when we are creatin marke tis inactive by default

update -> when we update the market, if any selection is active we update the market to be active


## Ordinal
order of something -> order of the selections
order to presenting the selections 

## concurreny / multi threads measures 